Greetings glorious God.
People in this video let's get the gooey really polished let's give the player some great feedback.
To do that we need to do a few things first.
Let's actually connect the quaint counter.
We've got this lovely gooey let's make it so the player can easily see how many coins bunnies collected.
Then let's allow Bunny to earn more lives every time Bunny collects X amount of coins.
And then let's make the life compulse where everybody is hurt or gets a new life and the coin I compulse
whenever bunny gets richer.
So let's get to it.
Here we are in level one.
And the first thing to do.
Well I need to connect the coin counter right now is not doing anything.
So let's get into the gooey scene and it's a good script and the easiest way to do this is just to put
coins in as an argument.
I'm doing them in the same order that they appear on the grid because it's just more sensible and only
to do is repeat what's underneath so what's underneath bachs there is quink at DOT.
Text equals scoring points.
I've also just noticed that the clear panel that was there before has vanished.
I'm not quite sure how I manage to do that.
I must have not saved correctly.
Anyway let's put it back in.
Actually let's do something slightly different.
Let's put in a child node.
That's a vertical separator and a Trace separator.
There it is and we will put it right there.
I'm going to give this a minimum size to Goodman and size.
How about 18.
Sounds good.
18 on the x axis maybe even 24.
Because I don't know why reasons.
And let's make it vanish under visibility and modulate it and put the alpha at zero.
Awesome.
So we know have these things in.
Let's actually go into game state and change update gooey so that it doesn't just past lives it passes
coins too.
Otherwise we can have a real problem.
Let's make sure that we're updating the gooey when coins are being picked up because currently we're
not.
And that's going to be very silly.
So update.
And that right there is the first thing off our checklist we have connected the coin counter.
Let's allow Bunny to unmoor lives how to do that.
Well the first thing I need to do is create a new variable and make a new export variable and I keep
these together and separate them with a line so export variables together variables together.
Was this going to be it's going to be quaint Tiger.
There we go.
That's a good name for it and mcquain tiger is 20.
Actually now that I look at it coins target hawkwind target which is what I meant to say isn't a great
name because it's not immediately obvious what that means.
This person wrote him one of this.
How many coins for an extra life.
Okay so every 20 coins bunny gets an actual life.
Now how are we going to make that work.
Because we don't need the googie to subtract the quites we're not going to assay coins to zero every
time we get 20.
Instead we need a very fancy operator.
It's the remainder.
Let's see how it works down to coin up.
Let's.
After update Gary put a new variable and it's going to be a multiple of coin targets
and that's nice but multiple is.
There we go.
Always check the spelling of your variables multiple of quoit target.
Alright so what is multiple of target.
Well what I need to check is how many coins do you have and what's the quaint target.
And if the coins target into the coins divides perfectly then do a.
So points remainder coin target.
What does that mean.
It means hat what's left over.
If you put coin target into coins.
Okay so if you divide one by the other what's left over and only this to be zero.
So if there is no remainder if coin target perfectly goes into coins.
Right so if that's true.
What do we need to do.
We need to add a lifeless making new function called life up and let's define it.
Groups function life up.
What does this have to do.
Of this is really simple right lives plus equals one.
So whatever the value of lines is right now and want to add and then update the group.
Alright so now I want to press play the goose track.
Every time we pick up a coin that's double checked that works it does.
And if we get 20 coins which is what we set the lives at.
See if I can actually do it.
There we go that 18 19 20 lives should go up great.
So that's working.
So now we can check off both of these things and now would have the animations I make an animation for
a life I compulse when is hurt a life I compulse when Bonnie gets a new life and the quain polls when
money gets richer how do we do that.
Well as going to the gooey song we need a note probably an animation play because that makes sense and
let's add some animations to the first animation.
Start with quite pots.
And what do we need to do is to go to the coin icon.
Well first we set the length this mic was nice and short the zero point two is a good length that we
go.
Let's select the coin I.
That's what we got.
And I might add.
I think the scales on the rectangle scale smic a key one.
One is that is the size or the scale rather.
And we've made a key there.
Let's zoom in.
And would do the same key at the end.
So I start an end position and same right in the middle.
Let's put the scale at one point five
and add that key.
So what is going to look like a POS.
Great.
That actually looks pretty good to me.
Let's add another dimension and let's call this life pots.
And now.
Same deal.
But I'm going do with the life I can say exactly the same thing.
Length of point two seconds.
Find a scale at a key at the beginning and key at the end because our start and end positions are the
same and then halfway through at point one seconds that shows the scale to one point five four point
four.
Perfect.
Make sure we add that key in.
Otherwise you won't do anything and his work life pulseless like great.
So if quain pulse and life pulse you know what then but it takes damage.
Let's not do a posses do something different.
Let's call this life down.
Life down is terrible it was it hurt were animating the same thing let's make the same length's appointment
and instead have scale.
I'm going to.
At a track for modulate.
So one of beginning the end modulated by white and then halfway mark.
Let's modulate it by a nice bright red.
So now it's going to flash red.
Outstanding.
We now have three animations.
So here's my challenge for you now that we have those animations.
See if you can wire them in.
Try and get the correct animations to place the gooey when the quain count all the life out changes.
This is quite a big challenge.
So pause the video give it a shot and when you come back I'll show you my solution.
Welcome back.
Well versed in a do is to go in to the gooey script and make a new function called and mate.
What's it going to do.
Well it's going to take the animation plan and it's going to play an animation.
And I'm not past this in an argument.
So rougham give it the string reference for each animation and then have to put in logic to pick which
one is right.
So is this happening.
If so press that let's just go function animate and then pass the argument in.
So whatever argument you're playing has to be the string.
Now this means we need to be strength right.
So let's go back into game state.
Let's create a new function in a function we're going to create is called animate go.
I was put in capitals was wilful it ever since.
And what does need to do.
You know what I feel like repeatedly using global dot gooey in a script doesn't make sense because we're
now written a few times.
Instead let's make a new variable.
This is going to be an unready variable.
And that's global dot gooey.
What is on ready variable mean.
Well if you're using another node as a variable you need to bring that in before you run any functions.
The way that God allows things in or mean this gets loaded in the wrong order otherwise.
So if you're ever using a node as a variable make sure it's an on ready variable break.
So just double check that works.
Let's.
Remove the global from that just cause.
Go update.
And it's working okay.
So what is anime gyuri have to do.
Well it needs to go gooey dot and make it animation.
Animation isn't an existing variable so I have to pass it in whatever value we pass to the function
that's going to be what this means.
Alright so where is that going to happen.
Well it's going to first happen on quain up so when you get a coin you wants you and I agree.
I'm going to call in get a call in.
The string was the string.
I'm going to double check it because you need to get this exactly right.
Quite POS.
Quick tip I got to rename which is the symbol.
And I could just copy it to my clipboard and paste it there.
Kapos Let's check that works when I pick up a coin.
I should see that happening.
And there it is next.
Let's do one all life up.
OK.
So on life up after you and on go we will do the same thing.
So animates Gary hopes but the string inside the bracket u.a. could be it.
And let's make sure we're Will or in the scene so let's get life pulse that's what we're calling it.
And just copy lent to clipboards So I don't have to write it out great and life down or hurt as it's
called here.
OK.
So what happens here.
We need to an inmate.
And this one is called Heard with a capital H.
Okay now free press play.
We should be able see all three animations.
First let's check the coins working.
Yeah we're having a coin pulsates looking very fancy.
It's more coins get up to 20 and see if a life happens.
18.
Oh it didn't because I didn't stop the function name right.
Always check the name of your functions.
OK.
All right let's check that it's correct and hurt.
No it's not.
Look I got it wrong twice right.
Let's check this.
Let's get up to 20 high speed this up a bit.
Back to real time 19 and 20.
Great.
Everything worked.
Now now let's lose a life and the flesh for it.
Awesome.
We have really great feedback for the player.
It's going to be even better when we put sound effects in soon.
But for now in this video we've looked at it a way we can use the remainder operator to check if we
reached the point target and we've looked at firing multiple animations through a single function using
arguments.
So great work and I'll see you in the next video.